this is the Danny cast from Union it
retails at 219 dollars and it's
available in one color way we call this
turbo wise the Daniel Union line well
these are these our marquee rider and if
anyone deserves a pro model binding its
Danny those accomplishments through
snowboarding basically this is a contact
on steroids the Danny cast is a combo of
a couple of things basically it has the
data high back and a contract base plate
that is also carbon injected the Danny
baseplate versus of contact base plate
is carbon injected versus a fiberglass
injection so through the sizes we bury
the the amount of fiberglass or carbon
fiber that's that's injected in the
Danny cask we replace fiberglass with
carbon fiber to lighten it up and to
give it a little more strength so
there's a three percent injection in the
small medium base plate a seven percent
in the medium large and fourteen percent
in the large extra large person that's
going to buy the danny kass binding from
union is anyone that that's a fan of
Danny Alexis writing style someone wants
a really lightweight good all-around
binding that's got a ton of personality
features of danny's binding again it's
got a contact base plate that's been
stiffened up with carbon fiber added
you've got nice EBA padding all the way
through the heel area for shock
absorption there's minimal contact with
the board there's actually nineteen
percent of this base plate touches the
board so you've got a true flex all the
way through
extruded aluminum he loops we use a data
hi back so it's a dual layer that is a
little more responsive that's on a
traditional contact fighting magnesium
buckles with aluminum cages quick adjust
strap over here convertible tow strap
that you can run over like a toe cap or
over the top adjustable accelerator
right here adjustable in three different
sizes also we use a sublimation process
to apply the graphics all the way
through and it's a chip resistant
process
upgrades on a danny kass over last year
well last year at Danny's binding was
available on a late release and it was
based off a data and Danny wanted to
still keep some personality in his
binding but lighten it up concern that's
why we went with a contact base plate
and then added the carbon fiber two
different a little more a little more
meat
sizing on the danny kass again is
available in three sizes where force up
is available in two so they've got small
medium base plate which is good from
sizes three to six medium large which is
six to ten and large to extra-large
which is I don't have to fork
one year warranty on all parts ivax
buckles everything else like that and a
lifetime warranty on Union base plate
danny kass from Union 219 dot